Add time travel syntax support for iceberg tables (VERSION and TIMESTAMP). (#20991)
prestodb/presto: presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/connector/iceberg.rst

Iceberg and Presto Iceberg connector support time travel via table snapshots
identified by unique snapshot IDs. The snapshot IDs are stored in the ``$snapshots``
metadata table. We can rollback the state of a table to a previous snapshot ID.

> It also support time travel query using VERSION and TIMESTAMP options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It also supports time travel query using VERSION and TIMESTAMP options.
```

    -----------+------+-----------+---------
    (0 rows)

Time Travel using VERSION and TIMESTAMP
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> You can use iceberg connector to access the historical data of a table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the Iceberg connector to access the historical data of a table.
```

> This means you can see how the table looked like at a certain point in time,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can see how the table looked like at a certain point in time,
```

even if the data has changed or been deleted since then.

.. code-block:: sql

    // snapshot ID 5300424205832769799
    INSERT INTO ctas_nation VALUES(10, 'united states', 1, 'comment');

    // snapshot ID 6891257133877048303
    INSERT INTO ctas_nation VALUES(20, 'canada', 2, 'comment');

    // snapshot ID 705548372863208787
    INSERT INTO ctas_nation VALUES(30, 'mexico', 3, 'comment');

    // snapshot ID for first record
    SELECT * FROM ctas_nation FOR VERSION AS OF 5300424205832769799;

.. code-block:: text

     nationkey |      name     | regionkey | comment
    -----------+---------------+-----------+---------
            10 | united states |         1 | comment
    (1 row)

> You can also access the historical data of a table by providing a time in the past,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can access the historical data of a table using ``FOR TIMESTAMP AS OF TIMESTAMP``. 
```
Suggestion to emphasize how the reader can access historical data. Is this correct?

> for example a few weeks ago. The query will show you how the table looked like at that time,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The query will show you how the table using the closest snapshot of the table that is available to the specified timestamp.
```

> using the closest snapshot of the table that was available then.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

.. code-block:: sql

    // In following query, timestamp string is matching with second inserted record.
    SELECT * FROM ctas_nation FOR TIMESTAMP AS OF TIMESTAMP '2023-10-17 13:29:46.822 America/Los_Angeles';

.. code-block:: text

     nationkey |      name     | regionkey | comment
    -----------+---------------+-----------+---------
            10 | united states |         1 | comment
            20 | canada        |         2 | comment
    (2 rows)

> `FOR TIMESTAMP AS OF` option can accept any expression that returns `TIMESTAMP WITH TIME ZONE` type.

Reviewer: Consider adding a sentence after this one explaining the difference in the syntax of your examples of ``FOR TIMESTAMP AS OF``: 

*  ``TIMESTAMP '2023-10-17 13:29:46.822 America/Los_Angeles'``
* ``CURRENT_TIMESTAMP`` without a specified following value

    // snapshot ID for first record
    SELECT * FROM ctas_nation FOR VERSION AS OF 5300424205832769799;

.. code-block:: text

     nationkey |      name     | regionkey | comment
    -----------+---------------+-----------+---------
            10 | united states |         1 | comment
    (1 row)

You can access the historical data of a table using ``FOR TIMESTAMP AS OF TIMESTAMP``.
The query will show you how the table using the closest snapshot of the table that is available to the specified timestamp.

.. code-block:: sql

    // In following query, timestamp string is matching with second inserted record.
    SELECT * FROM ctas_nation FOR TIMESTAMP AS OF TIMESTAMP '2023-10-17 13:29:46.822 America/Los_Angeles';

.. code-block:: text

     nationkey |      name     | regionkey | comment
    -----------+---------------+-----------+---------
            10 | united states |         1 | comment
            20 | canada        |         2 | comment
    (2 rows)

`FOR TIMESTAMP AS OF` option can accept any expression that returns `TIMESTAMP WITH TIME ZONE` type.
For example, `TIMESTAMP '2023-10-17 13:29:46.822 America/Los_Angeles'` is a constant string for the expression.

> In following query, expression `CURRENT_TIMESTAMP` returns the current timestamp with time zone value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following query, expression `CURRENT_TIMESTAMP` returns the current timestamp with time zone value.
```
